Add instructions for installing CI Builds and move install scripts here (#184)
janus-idp/operator: .rhdh/docs/openshift.adoc

* You are logged in as an _administrator_ to the OpenShift web console.
* You have configured the appropriate roles and permissions within your project to create an application.
See the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/applications/index.html[Red Hat OpenShift documentation on Building applications] for more details.

> * **(Optional for GA Releases)**. Refer to link:installing-ci-builds.adoc[Installing CI Builds of the RHDH Operator] if installing a CI build from `quay.io/rhdh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **(Optional for unofficial, unreleased CI builds)**. Refer to link:installing-ci-builds.adoc[Installing CI Builds of the RHDH Operator] if installing a CI build from `quay.io/rhdh`.
```
